feat: ability to extend report notification class (#56)
RonasIT/laravel-telescope-extension: README.md

| `driver`                 | `TELESCOPE_REPORT_DRIVER`     | `mail`     | Notification channel or a list of channels    |
| `drivers.mail.to`        | `TELESCOPE_REPORT_MAIL_TO`    | `''`       | Comma-separated list of recipients            |
| `entry_emoji_map`        | —                             | see config | Emoji displayed next to each entry type       |
| `entry_display_name_map` | —                             | see config | Overrides the displayed name of an entry type |

The command is scheduled daily at `{time}:00` and sends the report only on the days when the day of the year is
divisible by `frequency`, so with the default value of `7` the report is sent about once a week.

#### Report content

Entries are counted per type with the following exceptions:

• Exceptions — only unresolved ones are counted
• Jobs — only failed ones are counted
• Entries having a `family_hash` are counted by unique hash, so the same repeated entry is counted once

#### Customizing the report template

Publish the mail template and modify it:

``` sh
php artisan vendor:publish --provider=RonasIT\\TelescopeExtension\\TelescopeExtensionServiceProvider --tag=view
```

> The template will be published to `resources/views/vendor/telescope/report.blade.php`.

Reviewer: @AZabolotnikov please check it

The main difference between this config and the global telescope `ignore_paths` config is that the request watcher's config will ignore only incoming HTTP
requests and will still store all other entries related to the request (such as queries, jobs, exceptions, etc.)

### 📬 Customizing Report Notifications

By default, the package sends reports via `RonasIT\TelescopeExtension\Notifications\ReportNotification`. You can replace it with your own notification class by binding your implementation to the `ReportNotificationContract` in service provider.

#### Overriding the default notification

In `app/Providers/AppServiceProvider.php`:

```php
use RonasIT\TelescopeExtension\Contracts\ReportNotificationContract;
use App\Notifications\CustomReportNotification;

public function register(): void
{
    $this->app->bind(ReportNotificationContract::class, CustomReportNotification::class);
}
```

> Your custom notification must implement `ReportNotificationContract` and accept `Collection $entries` in its constructor.

Reviewer: Worth stating the hard requirements explicitly, since both fail at runtime.

```suggestion
Your custom notification must extend `Illuminate\Notifications\Notification`, implement `ReportNotificationContract` and accept a constructor parameter named exactly `$entries` of type `Collection` — the package resolves the notification via `makeWith(['entries' => $entries])`, which matches constructor parameters by name.
```

#### Example: adding a custom report notification

```php
<?php

namespace App\Notifications;

use Illuminate\Bus\Queueable;
use Illuminate\Contracts\Queue\ShouldQueue;
use Illuminate\Notifications\Notification;
use Illuminate\Support\Collection;
use NotificationChannels\Telegram\TelegramMessage;
use RonasIT\TelescopeExtension\Contracts\ReportNotificationContract;

class CustomReportNotification extends Notification implements ShouldQueue, ReportNotificationContract
{
    use Queueable;

    public function __construct(

>         public Collection $entries, 

Reviewer: Trailing whitespace in the example.

```suggestion
        public Collection $entries,
```
